iox-#743 Add hint to iceperf example that it is only running on linux… (#1227)
eclipse-iceoryx/iceoryx: iceoryx_examples/iceperf/README.md

## Introduction

!!! hint

>     Since not all IPC mechanisms are supported on all platform this benchmark

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Since not all IPC mechanisms are supported on all platforms this benchmark
```

>     runs only on QNX and Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    runs fully only on QNX and Linux.
```
The benchmark with UDS for example should also run on macOS

>     A benchmark of only the C or C++ API is supported on all platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The iceoryx C or C++ API based benchmark is supported on all platforms.
```
